Boy, what are you talking about?
True or False
Did you open it yourself?
Hotel you moved my friend
One more bullet
You mean that one named Yang Jing?
You blind dog is already cheap
Don't say I can't beat you
I kind of killed him.
Listen to me
Remember what you said
Stop
My place is for you to come whenever you want
Do you want to leave?
What kind of person do you think I am?
What's your trouble?
I don't know.
Nice to hear
Hahaha
I'm afraid this kid is scared to pee, right? Hahaha.
Yao Wenwen, let me ask you one last time
Are you sure it's because of this trash?
Give up on me
Wanjie, I'll tell you one last time
Wan Jiaqi is not trash
You don't even have waste in front of him
And we already have skin-to-skin relatives
I'll go.
Jie Shao's fiancee actually got into someone else's hands
What a coincidence!
This dignified young master Jie
How could someone wear such a big cuckold hat?
I mean, this kid is awesome
Xiaowen
You keep saying
Save the most precious thing until we get married
You cuckold me
The other party is still such a useless poor guy
Excuse me?
I like him like this
That's so great!
Little evil, I'm so crazy in the ancient crowd
It's hard to get serious
This is the case of both men and women you forced me to make
You even dare to be Jie Shao's woman
Your guts are too fat
How to deal with these things, young master?
You dog man and woman with broken legs and feet are feeding fish